---
layout: post
title: First International Workshop on AIOPS
subtitle: Experience report
cover-img: /img/news/2020-12-24/back_ground_img.jpeg
thumbnail-img: /img/news/2020-12-24/background_image.png
tags: [AIOPs, workshop, events]
---

We held our AIOPs 2020 workshop on 14 December 2020. In the peak, we had 52 participants, which is far more than expected. The organization was perfect, we didn't have a single problem. We also run gather.town instance for a virtual social gathering on the side, so attendants can meet and talk.

Content-wise we had 28 submissions, 13 accepted papers, 24 senior PC members from 15+ countries. Five companies (Huawei, IBM, Amazon, Elasticsys, HCL) contributed papers as well. Also, this was beyond expectations, therefore the workshop program was a little bit full, but we still managed to have time for questions and discussions.

We had two of the most prominent AIOPs researcher worldwide as speakers for keynote talk: [Prof. Dr. Dan Pei](https://netman.aiops.org/~peidan/), Tsinghua University and [Prof. Dr. Michael R. Lyu](https://www.cse.cuhk.edu.hk/lyu/home), Chinese University of Hong Kong. They gave excellent talks and we are looking for ways to establish some kind of friendly association with our joint labs. We plan a follow-up event in September / October in Berlin or Munich. We will invite the participants, PC members + other relevant people from industry and academia to a 2-3 day summit to discuss current issues and plan joint initiatives.

All in all, we are very happy with the day, the workshop, the organization, and the outcome. More information here: official webpage of [AIOPS 2020](https://aiopsworkshop.github.io/index.html).
